README.md, before:

# Introduction to Pytorch

Workshop given on Aug 29, 2023 at the PoLBIAS Training school.

Event page: https://biapol.eventmember.de/


## Start JupyterLab
The instrutions are taken and adapted from [here](https://gitlab.vgiscience.de/ad/mobile_cart_workshop2020/-/blob/master/Readme.md)

1. Make sure to connect to TUD network using a VPN connection (Cisco VPN or OpenVPN), otherwise you will not be able to use any of ZIH HPC Services.
2. Add your ZIH-Login to the HPC project, using the pre-shared link
    - this needs to be done only once
    - it may take up to two hours before your login is available
3. Click [this link](https://taurus.hrsk.tu-dresden.de/jupyter/hub/user-redirect/git-pull?repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2FcodingS3b%2Fpytorch_intro&urlpath=lab%2Ftree%2Fpytorch_intro%2Fnotebooks%2Fsegmentation%2F00_versions.ipynb&branch=biapol) to spawn a JupyterLab instance on the TUD ZIH Jupyter Hub.
    - You'll be requested to login using your TUD Account


Afterwards, once the notebook has opened:
- If asked to select a Kernel: Confirm suggestion (Python 3) with "Select".
- execute the first cell, with SHIFT+ENTER
- this will link the conda environment we prepared for you to your user folder. Follow any instructions in the notebook.



# Questions, concerns or feedback?

Please file an issue through the issue tab.

Commit message:

README: Add notes about getting the data

README.md, after:

# Introduction to Pytorch

Workshop given on Aug 29, 2023 at the PoLBIAS Training school.

Event page: https://biapol.eventmember.de/


## Start JupyterLab
The instrutions are taken and adapted from [here](https://gitlab.vgiscience.de/ad/mobile_cart_workshop2020/-/blob/master/Readme.md)

1. Make sure to connect to TUD network using a VPN connection (Cisco VPN or OpenVPN), otherwise you will not be able to use any of ZIH HPC Services.
2. Add your ZIH-Login to the HPC project, using the pre-shared link
    - this needs to be done only once
    - it may take up to two hours before your login is available
3. Click [this link](https://taurus.hrsk.tu-dresden.de/jupyter/hub/user-redirect/git-pull?repo=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2FcodingS3b%2Fpytorch_intro&urlpath=lab%2Ftree%2Fpytorch_intro%2Fnotebooks%2Fsegmentation%2F00_versions.ipynb&branch=biapol) to spawn a JupyterLab instance on the TUD ZIH Jupyter Hub.
    - You'll be requested to login using your TUD Account


Afterwards, once the notebook has opened:
- If asked to select a Kernel: Confirm suggestion (Python 3) with "Select".
- execute the first cell, with SHIFT+ENTER
- this will link the conda environment we prepared for you to your user folder. Follow any instructions in the notebook.

The data required to execute the notebooks is located at `/projects/p_scads_trainings/BIAS/dsb2018` and has to be integrated into your clone of this repository (which should reside in your home directory after clicking the above link to launch jupyter Hub).
- Create a directory named `data` in the top level of the repo (i.e. on the same level the `scripts` and `notebooks` directory are located). Then copy the data to the freshly created directory using `cp -r /projects/p_scads_trainings/BIAS/dsb2018 $HOME/pytorch_intro/data/`


# Questions, concerns or feedback?

Please file an issue through the issue tab.
